well let's watch the video of the fairy I think
none more to her video about
the wish unit
because will michu again and for a change
has returned to do one of her unlikely
aunts is that these are the things that happen
when you go so exaggeratedly exaggerated
with every good saying that what happens to him is that he
goes very exaggerated pointing at one and
do not mess with the physique it is very bad
fat phobia this hurts this is harassment
this is I do not know that when you are so
exaggerated in the end it falls if you yourself
believe the nonsense that you are saying not even
you yourself would do them when I accepted the
campaign and signed the contract and I could not back out
during it
luckily it has already ended here it is seen that in
a deleted tweet from a certain nacho alone he
is answering something that already happened to him the
same thing that now that he promoted something that
was against being vegan it had already
happened to him himself he justified it by saying that he
had the campaign signed before that thing
about not being able to back out the
campaign I think that he can
back out the campaign like the ones I have
had at some point I would have had to
back out the
work sheet takes you out  of the ball in fact
I remember one in particular that you renaut
in tandil there are his day at the time and they
had problems with the note and
having promoted it and we all had
problems we left him to suck it you don't
charge or whatever it is but you can't
back down the campaign that
has there is a penalty as if you
were the survivor I doubt it I
doubt it but they would have the campaign that
was and you would not care about veganism just like
tada today announce come back here because
as much as the vegan burger is
sweaty burger king but
unfortunately we are not born summer summer
not just anyone to be suffering vegan but
at least some of us have had it in the
balls and the blackberries to take the step bravo
win picchu what great morals he has damn
always like that like that like that
big that wants to be so
morally superior of such a good fan of the
person example to follow because I want to
hide his [ __ ] he does it in such a so so
so exaggerated way that not even he
believes his own [ __ ] hey
you want to avoid meat as much as
possible because he is very aware of
the issue of animals I believe it I
believe that web and soft love the  animals has
done many good things for
animals he has done but don't
be so exaggerated don't put the
medals on yourself you will be judged by yourself goodbye
when I have to judge it's like when he
films himself on the street at the beginning of
his film and precisely when they
are filming him walking down the street he looks
natural he bends down and pets a dog
my dog ​​is lying down look he is with
all his balls lying down I'm going to pet us
can we watch
the video with
the animals
animals are things that not even you
believe that [ __ ] you know
trying to be vegetarian I'm
trying to avoid meat here it says he
's vegetarian not vegan it's that he
said he's both things that he's fine
try to avoid animal products I do
n't know what you want no no he's
right it's not about tastes it's about saving
lives tastes have nothing to do with it
I like meat and I don't eat it why does
eating it mean supporting the
murderous industry behind it his
balls and now he goes and announces burger
king no matter how much he takes and says the
opportunity for you to try the new
bourgeois babies the hamburger is vegan
from burger king  and I eat on the walking tour, stop
kissing week because I love it and
I don't get paid to say it but the truth is I mean I
love it especially the
equivalent I love it I can't find any
part of the burger that makes it as good
as it is okay whatever you want but the
vegan burger that's not suitable for
vegans I saw it in an article also where
specialists wrote like no those
burgers are not vegan because they are
cooked on the same grill as the
rest of the burgers so they have
animal fat so it doesn't count that
apart from the fact that this has vegan what
I think of bald and ugly
when the company and the people who
follow you that percentage are going to eat the
big burger and almost nobody
was also doing this promotion
because the previous company is of course
supporting the murderous industry
behind it, it's not even Burger King itself that
is not even for vegans the serious one is the
host no these tremendous facts
hypocrisy 10 super big eggs well they
are big they are the size of a
brave man of brave men well
yesterday he starts playing the victim
on tweets like they want to isolate us
riders isolate me no  the idea is not to be lax
you are a hypocrite but you are very very very
hypocritical aunt that you are literally very
few and it happens to you because you want to be the
best you want to be what your environment with
the people who are putting you together tells you
is the best and those people fall into
hypocrisy every day they know they are already
pointed out as liars hypocrites and
everything that they have lied to the face of the
people and that people do not believe them how many
videos antonio de wit michu a month for it to
come out here on the channel once a
month and would have to take out the most times
that they fall hypocrisy and says nonsense on
the networks it happens that I tried to avoid it so
that it is not believed that it is personal for me
I do not give a damn win visual that they help me
everyone I turn off the computer and I have
nothing personal with the one here they are already
thinking of deflating their virality a little
but it is that literally they are
hypocrisies in which he falls this
happens to him for wanting to pretend an image with
which he and he himself agrees I know
the nonsense that he himself says do
this to you is wrong no  put this image
because this is homophobic I'm fat
fiery all this nonsense that he says
and he himself believes it he
goes around saying those things in his head surely he
thinks he's an idiot I'm saying
if I myself am going to do this [ __ ] that I
'm recommending to you and then when
the natural wing michu comes out acting
naturally then these
little things slip out of him this nonsense that he said
supporting the murderous industry so that his
colleagues say well huixmí you have
changed you are no longer the one from 2015 you have
changed a lot a lot you are not
recognized I saw you the other day on the street
and I didn't say hello because I didn't know it was
you he says these exaggerations looking for that
because when you notice against leaving okay you are
conscientious about animals of
course I believe it I believe it a lot
good michu loves bugs and has
done many things for animals
look at me I am trying to make it true I
am not trying to avoid meat as
healthy as possible not to buy products that
have to do with animals you know but
from there to do the most exaggerated the world
then falls into these things well if you  you
were with him without 100% with the
cause as low promote bourgeois
take away lack so needy stays
because promotes here something else that
would be another debate for another day what
catches my attention is how it doesn't matter the
things you do in understanding that the
big companies continue to call each other and
this what makes me think more and
more every day is that I no longer say what win
michu has done has not done but at
least what is said and what is not
said although apart from the way of being that he
has good put his destiny and now
then he takes other people because of what they will say
because of what is said and the
brands cancel them and cancel their contract and does not
call them and it is that every day I think
and this is my personal opinion I do not
confirm anything every day I am more sure
that the issue of the big brands that
the big brands really do not look at what
people do that they no longer look at the
numbers because win michu is not at his
best that I would like to be at my
worst is as it is he also I
tell you the hat is not for the
subscribers that the big brands have
I think they go in relation to the
contact the representative speaks for I don't
know who he knows what I'm telling you I know
a guy I'm not going to say his name right now
because I'm going to make him a gay don't
see at the moment it has nothing to do with
these people that you don't know but I
'm not sure but I know a guy that I
hate like a lot he has been a [ __ ]
stalker and the guy is
dedicated to he worked in an agency of
this not to get an
advertising agency or something related to
looking for influencer ads but and
this all has been sent to me by his friends
because they have betrayed him because he in
his list they dictated to him the guy was joking with
I he inflated his social networks or if they
were jokes he inflated the
social networks of bots like the thanks to mira
- here and now the guy working in an
agency gets his own shares
but on top of that the guy today I
see him all the time bragging and joking
people yes if the brands count
on me a lot because I varied it because I
got up like he is a guy when people
know what he does because on top of that the pig
in his networks in his story  he distracts his
friend and that taught them and he sends him the
thing of what he did ha ha ha look
how I laugh at this company
today's party is going to be paid for by I don't know who idiot
because if a city shuts up
[ __ ] threw themselves and Nobel
time came to sit down the wines in
which it says you have to win a ps 5 in
discounts on hamburgers so try your
luck playing the map of what the
Burger King guys have done plus it's an
opportunity for you to try
vegan burgers what's the point well
obviously it's a promotion with
Burger King and although 'Burger King' has
a vegan option it's Burger King it's that
Burger King there is more oily
than that please more industry
bigger than that please fly that
literally vegans are supposed to
want to stop they want to stop
this type of industry how the hell do they stop
'Burger King' an international multinational I know he
says multinational is now a
company as international as it stops is
that if he if you don't start promoting it
to use his influence to give more
hype to Burger King well obviously
the  The majority of Burger King's public
is not people who choose veganism
because it is a fast food chain that is
mostly meat and
beef in the end it is specific that it
is also an opportunity for you to try the
bourgeois see what happens that as I say
the option come Burger King well it
is not completely vegan here you have
a news where it says Burger King settles
the controversy its 100% vegetable hamburger
is not suitable for vegans the Reverb
Upper is made from products
of vegetable origin but it is cooked on the
same floor as the restaurant's menu
Burger King itself of course
with the kiel what happens is that there I have
seen how they work and there they have a
grill and the workers are
putting the hamburgers not
precooked we would not say that
proportionate and they were putting the little
packages of hamburgers even the
Coca-Cola gave the Coca-Cola and the soft drinks
from Burger King are sachets they are in sachets
okay to mix with water he told me that he
worked like a God in a
fast food chain and the Pepsi or whatever
they have there they do not have Coca-Cola no  I know
but see envelope with envelopes and how he so
remember in our time when we were
little that they asked for the envelopes well
equality to coca-cola there are times when they
take them out you know that they take you out of a
20 envelope after having put snail that's why
brandy and there what the cooks are
on the same grill where they have made you
a chicken burger are now another
type of burger different you know so
finally pay attention a little to what
the flavor of each burger is many
times the wings worsened the
Burger King room when I started eating the
wings it was because of Burger King I had never
liked chicken wings until I
started eating lager that
today have worsened pkk I tell you that I think
this is a hypocrisy as much as
they have a vegan option because first
because that vegan option is not for the
majority of Burger King's public the
majority of Burger King's public goes
for the normal hamburgers and the second
point is that you swear to me for years but years
on twitter from 2016 saying that not
only the fact of not eating meat that
kills  animals are everything
behind the meat industry
meat industry that would also
include burger and that would include the
team you tell me but
well your early summers are
bought for you a little and you forget so much
the promo party is missing I could have
simply rejected it hey look this
brand is not for me I have fallen into
companies that I later regretted
promoting but today seeing
how well I see myself I would say no in another
moment of improvement I would choose because today it
was something for me that was good for me
today there are many
collaborations that I rejected that I don't think are
right because not
with me I could have said hey no for
what your idea if you put meat from
wish michu on your twitter you are going to get
a lot of pro vegan activism because you
know that I like meat more although
live animals and without suffering
change a lot invested a lot
guys a lot you are an example to follow
win michu pay
attention to this I do not share it but those of you who
eat meat indirectly support
the fact that it is killed and cruelly without
need for it just like that  great and
against the meat industry
answering batman in which he
remained that what is hidden behind
the meat industry is terrible but
essential to tell and here we have
the twitter with michu where he says no he's not
right it's not about tastes it's about
saving lives tastes have nothing to
do with it I like meat and I don't eat it
because eating it means supporting the
murderous industry behind it that it
seems that eating meat is supporting the
murderous industry behind the
meat industry but doing a
promotion for burger king well done
being wind michu always be always
guy who didn't say and look seriously
a slip he was asked for hypocrisy he is asked for
a falsehood set there is no that he
always threw out the baby option doesn't it seem to you to
support the murderous industry
behind burger king cape and sticks a
batch of hamburgers imagine
imagine that one day it comes out that I smell
you are my movie the last like
half an hour he went like to the countryside to
be with the brands like how I love
the animals and then however you don't
take now and promotion to talk about
Carlos like Tomas in your text that we
want wanted  that some of the
starting points of the films I wanted to
ask you how you started to be bastar
no longer and if there was something that threw the
head and that you saw society well
precisely when when you lived in
Madrid Fuenlabrada
you faced Italian and he was a good friend and
friend well then I do and of my partner
of all the colleagues that we had there and well well he
introduced us a little into that
world yes the gentleman well as the
meat industry really is how
the animals are treated in those farms and
farms from which by the way wish michu
also come the cows that later they put
in the hamburgers at Burger King what is
the integrity the agency sex promotion
pieces to use a little in the subject
you don't really realize how cruel it
is and that I always love meat I
loved it but I say if you love it
but then he says sometimes they play it goes through the
head
now
the role that he is playing now that he
is promoting a funeral home and he is
promoting return so that you can see that not
even he himself believes the nonsense that he is
saying that all a role so that you can
see that the same one that you are watching
this from there gives me more than now because
now I see like a corpse so you see that it's a
lie he comes back fifth
more wing picchu I don't know how much money I have
n't seen corpses in a butcher shop but
pity disgust because he sees a corpse but
'without a burgueta and he pays me to play a
joke on him that doesn't disgust me so much anymore I say
objectives since you could some
legs of people are already eating them here a living being and a Serbian who wants to surprise learned that he has feelings I mean I don't know if you've ever played with cows they're like dogs push-ups a ball with it a part of the meat I didn't want to set up a restaurant that is practically a
main prong of all the dishes well
the leader guy can't be because as
much as I like meat I have to
put this before my yours from
Alicante put that the suffering of
these living beings to these animals to my
tastes
[Music]
incredible and wonderful incredible
wonderful I
send you a huge hug thank you very much
for accompanying me don't forget to
follow me here also valid for
when the time comes and we'll see each other
[Music]